[5.x] Update upgrading docs for tailwind 4 (#117)
rapidez/docs: src/5.x/upgrading.md

```diff
+ import tailwindcss from "@tailwindcss/vite";
  export default defineConfig({
...
    plugins: [
+       tailwindcss(),
    ]
  })
```
Then you need to install @tailwindcss/vite.
```bash
yarn add -D @tailwindcss/vite
```

2. **Update to Tailwind 4**

Tailwind has a built-in upgrade tool that can be found in the [tailwind docs](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/upgrade-guide#using-the-upgrade-tool).
```bash
npx @tailwindcss/upgrade
```
It is still necessary to review the changes that are made when the upgrade is done. Check if all [deprecated utilities](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/upgrade-guide#removed-deprecated-utilities) are changed.
```diff
- class="bg-black bg-opacity-50 flex-shrink-0"
+ class="bg-black/50 shrink-0"
```

Also check the [renamed utilities](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/upgrade-guide#renamed-utilities)
```diff
- class="ring outline-none"
+ class="ring-3 outline-hidden"
```

3. **Custom classes**

Since Rapidez v3, we have made changes to use [default colors](https://docs.rapidez.io/3.x/theming.html#colors). So we can use classes like `bg`, `text`, or `border`. To keep them working in Rapidez v5, make sure you add this to your app.css:
```css
...

> @layer base {

Reviewer: This is included and not needed to copy-paste in your project right?

We recommend to double check all frontend dependencies with `yarn outdated`.
:::

## Tailwind v4

> *Because the changes from Tailwind v3 to Tailwind v4 are breaking, we recommend that you make a new branch before starting the update.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Tailwind has a built-in upgrade tool that can be found in the [tailwind docs](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/upgrade-guide#using-the-upgrade-tool).
```bash
npx @tailwindcss/upgrade
```
It is still necessary to review the changes that are made when the upgrade is done. Check if all [deprecated utilities](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/upgrade-guide#removed-deprecated-utilities) are changed.
```diff
- class="bg-black bg-opacity-50 flex-shrink-0"
+ class="bg-black/50 shrink-0"
```

Also check the [renamed utilities](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/upgrade-guide#renamed-utilities)
```diff
- class="ring outline-none"
+ class="ring-3 outline-hidden"
```

3. **Custom classes**

Since Rapidez v3, we have made changes to use [default colors](https://docs.rapidez.io/3.x/theming.html#colors). So we can use classes like `bg`, `text`, or `border`. To keep them working in Rapidez v5, make sure you add this to your app.css:
```css
...
@layer base {
  *,
  ::after,
  ::before,
  ::backdrop,
  ::file-selector-button {
    border-color: var(--border, currentColor);
  }
}

@utility text {
    color: var(--text-color-default);
}

@utility bg {
    background-color: var(--background-color-default);
}
```

> Also make the correct colors are inside your app.css

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also make sure the expected colors are present in your app.css
```
